# CS612Assignment4
Assignment for CS612 Professor Teresa Brooks

This site was made using ReactJS. It's purpose is to display blog posts and allow viewers to add, edit, and remove comments under each post. The blog content is contained within one of the "ReactDOM.render" blocks of code and the "Blogs" var. The navigation panel contains links to some of my favorite websites. The header contains a greeting to viewers and the footer informs the viewer that they have reached the end of the page. The most interesting parts of this web page are the "Comment," "CheckBox," and "Board" vars. The "Comment" and "Board" vars work together to allow the user to add, edit, and remove comments. This can be done using the buttons under each blog post. Clicking "Add New" brings forth two new buttons that allow you to edit or remove the comment. When "edit" is clicked, a text box appears where users can type a comment, then click save to display it below the blog post. If "remove" is clicked, the comment above the button will be deleted. The checkbox located below the blog posts and comments has a function that changes the text below it when either checked or unchecked. When the box is checked, the text below will say "I like this webpage!" If unchecked, it will say "I do not like this webpage!" The "CheckBox" function is what makes this work. Additionally, a CSS document is used to decorate and format the webpage. The blog and navigation divs are placed side by side using "float" within the CSS document.  I had to use "clear: both" to keep the footer below the rest of the content. This took a lot of trial and error to figure out.
